Frequent changes in affiliate program management staff which lead to lack of continuity and sometimes lack of qualification for the role as well.
Overall good and an option to be considered but based on new development needs, could be pricey.

Digital River eCommerce platform has been flexible to work with. But however few limitations in the functionality while we work through different projects, which requires an implementation.
Easy implementation, good tools, decent product
down time and cost
We have had a successful working relationship with Digital River for 15 years.
"Response #1: Not so evoluted services level and quality, a part of some individual skills Response #2: not evoluted from a technology point of view, not high skills in UX"
Great payments provider partner
DR has been responsive to our needs on all fronts - implementation, operations, fraud.
Strong competence in the e-commerce and digital marketing space.
Total cost of ownership is vastly higher than competition. 
Good payment coverage, good team on DR side
Very few companies can provide global e-com subscription support at scale. 
Solid platform, nearly zero issues.
low score: Product mgmt. - Still many simple features that are not on roadmap.   high score: professional services and Store Ops very attentive. 
most requests take much longer than expected to be resolved. Not very fast response to company needs. 
Generally good account management, apart from some minor drawbacks which are mainly due to system dependencies.
DR has been working with T2 to become a successful partner in helping to grow our sales and revenue.  

Overall very good company to work with.  Some disconnection from the finance team in the US.    Not leading in innovation around online sales (payment methods, delivery).
good operations, detailed, occasionally slow in items that need speedier execution
excellent operation  smoon user flow


The way that DR manages the projects and the project management practices or lack of PM practices. 
Long history with DR/ADSK and relationship is solid. We still have many areas to focus on and we would need additional support from DR to expand our commerce services based on our Business Model Transformation. Lev is great BTW.
DR has a depth and breadth of experience and capabilities that we don't find with others in the same space.
Functionality limitations of platform
I think the platform could use a face lift. I feel like its a little behind its time. In order to try to do anything new or creative its takes a lot of dev work.
It gives us flexibility and expertise that we do not otherwise have.

skill sets
Our DR team is very supportive and responsive
Digital River is well known in the industry, has experience and has many additional programs like the affiliate program and marketforce to take advantage of.  However, we have run into issues creating the experience we would like to have and see limitations in the amount of flexibility within the program.
"Answer #1: Digital River has a good platform and product offerings for its customers. However, every feature we ask for so far has been custom solution with at least some development effort associated. This type of arrangement is hard to swallow even for mid-market clients.Answer #2: While Digital River has a solid platform for eCommerce organizations, it's NOT flexible for customization. Even the simplest customization on the platform requires development effort."
Off-the-shelf solution and approach is good as a starter, but not enough flexibility or customisation
Poor communication with customer  Lack of adequate account management
The score is related to the structure and pricing of Digital River, not the people. The people have been great. The Digital River platform is good for what it does but lacks in customization for clients. The fee structure can be costly as most needs fall under professional services. 
Leading eCommerce provider, experience, coverage
We have seen a significant decrease in our involuntary churn which is tied to one of the primary reasons we purchased the DR system - for advanced payment technology. We have had good experience with our Account Director, Melita Bergamin and on the MarketForce side, with Jeff Dahlby.
I have gotten really personal help from everyone I engaged with at Digital River Kirkland office. 
User interface is good for business users  However, customization is limited, restrictive and costly    Cost of business is costlier as business needs scale higher
DR has a good cart. 
Great product and people
They easy to work with and generally have easy to install payment programs
Everything is extremely complex.  SmartChannel was not the functional tool we were sold - everything requires a build and is very costly.  Extreme lack of resources to address our needs.  
great geo coverage, poor ops support
Many obstacles to selling online through the method(s) of our choice.
GC is pretty flexible so I's recommend it to another client but it depends on how they are going to use it. If they need to integrate GC with their internal systems could cause some major pain points.  Most of our limitations are due to our own internal systems which is painful.
Mostly happy with the services provided post-launch. On rare occasions, there have been small frustrations with regards to the expectation of our own limited resources, and also misunderstanding our brand.
Responsive and reliable partner
Lack of engagement and proactivity to resolver issues and discuss alternatives to enhance sales
Great experience and business driven
Digital River provides a range of commerce solutions for medium to large enterprises.
User Friendly Interface

All ecommerce/payment platforms all have strengths and weaknesses, it all depends what the client values. 
Not flexible nor suitable for fashion/apparel industry and all  industries offering promotions

We rely on Digital River to be an e-commerce expert and I feel like we're not always getting the best guidance and instead getting an agency that will do what we want instead of guiding us to the best solution.
delays in response and in fixing issues or new implementation


It depends on the client maturity. Very mature I would not recommend but otherwise yes
Lack of speed to respond to requests
Platform is stable and has some good features that are available without customization
simply tasks cannot be implemented, support from the team is inexistent, issues are solved with terrible delay (PAyPal took more that 10 months), the team is not able to handle more than a task at time
Good support from our account manager and Karen, easy console to us.
Poor assistance. A lot of issues, resolution time is unreal. Hourly rate and estimates are unfair.
The quality of the store operations is very good
availability

On  the positive side DR provides a (mostly) world wide solution that is pretty complete in it's offerings for an e-commerce solution. Having the MarketForce services available is a bonus. 
DR is one of the best companies in this area and they continue to improve their offerings based on new technology and customer need.
Provides comprehensive offering that is well suited for our business, but don't feel they are best-in-class across all of these dimensions.
Has a good in-a-box solution, will get store solution off the ground fast
They work with some major clients like Microsoft. Also they take on MOR.
The DR staff is top notch, however tends to experience higher turnover, causing projects to take longer then necessary.  Commerce platform technically behind competitors.
the technology is adequate; the resources are great, when we have them available to us
MarketForce
Excellent communication and cooperation. 
Despite some (probably minor) issues or missing features the platform is stable and delivers.

robust, trustworthy
Not really adapted to European businesses and trends
I would recommend DR as a good solution for specific use cases but not all ecommerce contexts...
DR provides eCommerce platform to us.  Local Account Management is great.  When we do projects with US - there is a disconnect between local DR and US DR stakeholders, as well as sometimes we get not accurate  information from DR US Hq.
It's a unique online software distribution platform.
Front to end platform. 
Any deployment or enhancement takes ages  
the team is fantastic and their dedication to the program is awesome
Long history, Market understanding.
